##The Process
Now to get to the meat of the project. When you first start the project you can to make a file on your computer to hold all the materials. Similarly, you want to create a repository in GitHub. To link these two you use the git command. This can be one of the trickier parts if it is your first time connecting The Terminal/Command Prompt/Bash to your GitHub account. You have to create an SSH (Secure Shell) key that connects you remotely to your GitHub account. Although you dont need a complete understanding of how this works, you just need to follow the directions on GitHub for setting up this connection.  
Once the connection is created you can link your specific project file to the project repository. Then you can begin adding to your project. I started off making the directory structure. For this project we wanted to have two directories in the main folder, paper and images. Under paper you have the directory sections under which I initialized four sections: abstract, introduction, discussion, conclusion. This is probably the easiest part of the project. Now with this structure I began adding content. 
In the main project folder you want to add information about the project to your README file. This file gives insight into the structure of the file as well as licensing information. You also want to include a .gitignore file that can be used to tell git to ignore the files listed within the file. This allows you to control what gets tracked by the git command. In addition to these two files, in your main project folder you want to include a Makefile. As previously mentioned, this file can help you track the commands you used to compile your project. Before writing any content for the paper, I initialized the Makefile. You begin by making Makefile in your choice of text editor. I used vim in Bash. In the Makefile you want to include the command you used to concatenate the sections into the paper and then convert this markdown file into html. The first step is done by making your target file paper.md then include the dependent files which are the section files. After this initial structure, you include the command that concatenates the sections and assigns it to paper.md. The second step is done by making paper.html the target file and paper.md as your dependent file. Then under this you include the command pandoc that would change your paper.md file into html. One way to simplify the inputs in the Makefile is to use variables and wildcards. Variables can be used so that if you want to go back and change the file used you only need to change the name in the variable assignment. Wildcards are helpful when you are referring to many files with similar names. In this part it might be helpful to look up examples from the internet. I referenced my class notes as well as the internet. 
At this point you have all of the structure for the project. Now is when you download the images of the different logos into your images directory by using the curl command. This is also when you write the content for your sections. You do this using Markdown syntax. This part takes the most amount of time. I also found it challenging choosing how much to say. I can easily explain into gruesome detail, but that would take 20 pages per section. Once this part is done, then you go to your main project file in Terminal/Command Prompt/Bash and run make. This will run the commands of the Makefile. This will create paper.md and then if you want the second target to run as well you can type make paper.html (the name of the second target) and this will also create the html version of your final project paper. 

